`property-no-vendor-prefix`: handle `-webkit-background-size` as a special case when it has less than two values per background (#7940)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/few-tigers-deliver.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Fixed: do not report `-webkit-background-size` for `property-no-vendor-prefix` when the resulting autofix is unsafe

Reviewer: [suggest] I'd like to put the rule name ahead to make the changelog items sortable. Can you update the description to fit the following format?

```
Fixed: `property-no-vendor-prefix` <bug summary> <bug details>
```

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed: `property-no-vendor-prefix` report for `-webkit-background-size`
```

> Fixed: do not report `-webkit-background-size` for `property-no-vendor-prefix` when the resulting autofix is unsafe```

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed: do not report `-webkit-background-size` for `property-no-vendor-prefix` when the resulting autofix is unsafe
```

> Fixed: do not attempt to autofix `-webkit-background-size` for `property-no-vendor-prefix` if it has less than two values per background

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed: do not report `-webkit-background-size` for `property-no-vendor-prefix` when the resulting autofix is unsafe```
